purchase_ux/README.rst, before:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========
Purchase UX
===========

Several Improvements to purchases

On purchase orders:

Hide purchase quotations menu.
Make purchase orders menu show all purchase records (quotations, and confirmed ones)
Add button to force invoice status, and it's only for admin with tec features.
Add button to change the currency and update the prices of the order lines
Add an action in purchase orders list view to cancel selected orders in quotation state.
Add a button "Update Prices" to update prices from provider to purchase order lines.
Add a button "Update Supplier Prices" to update (or create prices) for this provider and all products loaded on the order.
Add internal notes.
On purchase invoices:

Add a button "Add purchase lines" to access to a list of purchase lines from the vendor and select the lines to be included in the invoice.
Add a button "Update Supplier Prices" to update (or create prices) for this provider and all products loaded on the invoice.
On Products:

Allows to search by suppliers and to group by main supplier on product and product variants.



Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Just install this module.


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration nedeed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.

Commit message:

[IMP]purchase_ux: changes in module asked
closes ingadhoc/purchase#205

Signed-off-by: Matias Velazquez <mav@adhoc.com.ar>

purchase_ux/README.rst, after:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========
Purchase UX
===========

Several Improvements to purchases

On purchase orders:

Hide purchase quotations menu.
Make purchase orders menu show all purchase records (quotations, and confirmed ones)
Add button to force invoice status, and it's only for admin with tec features.
Add button to change the currency and update the prices of the order lines
Add an action in purchase orders list view to cancel selected orders in quotation state.
Add a button "Update Prices" to update prices from provider to purchase order lines.
Add a button "Update Supplier Prices" to update (or create prices) for this provider and all products loaded on the order.
Add internal notes.
On purchase order lines:

When the quantity is changed, we avoid the re-compute of the price in the purchase order line
If price was not computed within the product (not seller or seller price = 0.0), then the PO will bring the standard price


On purchase invoices:

Add a button "Add purchase lines" to access to a list of purchase lines from the vendor and select the lines to be included in the invoice.
Add a button "Update Supplier Prices" to update (or create prices) for this provider and all products loaded on the invoice.
On Products:

Allows to search by suppliers and to group by main supplier on product and product variants



Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Just install this module.


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration nedeed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.
