purchase_stock_ux/README.rst, before:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================
Purchase Stock UX
=================

Several Improvements to purchases

On purchase orders:

#. Add delivery status on purchases
#. Add a to filter by PO with billable returns.

On purchase lines:

#. Add delivery status and invoice status on purchase lines
#. Add button on purchase lines to allow cancelling of remaining qty to be received
#. Add return quantity when you return products with "To Refund" option.

On incoming pickings:

#. Add moving internal notes of the PO to the picking.


On Stock Moves:

#. Add button to access to purchase order related.



Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Just install this module.


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration nedeed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.

Commit message:

[IMP] purchase_stock: Set main seller as default supplier in replenishment rules

purchase_stock_ux/README.rst, after:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================
Purchase Stock UX
=================

Several Improvements to purchases

On purchase orders:

#. Add delivery status on purchases
#. Add a to filter by PO with billable returns.

On purchase lines:

#. Add delivery status and invoice status on purchase lines
#. Add button on purchase lines to allow cancelling of remaining qty to be received
#. Add return quantity when you return products with "To Refund" option.

On incoming pickings:

#. Add moving internal notes of the PO to the picking.

On Stock Moves:

#. Add button to access to purchase order related.

On Stock Warehouse Orderpoints:

#. Set main seller as default supplier in replenishment rules.


Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Just install this module.


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration nedeed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.
