purchase_quotation_products/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========================
Purchase Quotation Products
===========================

This module adds a button in purchase_order to search products, change de quantity and add its to purchase_order_line

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:


Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

.. repo_id is available in https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/tools/repos_with_ids.txt
.. branch is "9.0" for example


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/{project_repo}/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* ADHOC SA: `Icon <http://fotos.subefotos.com/83fed853c1e15a8023b86b2b22d6145bo.png>`_.

Contributors
------------


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://fotos.subefotos.com/83fed853c1e15a8023b86b2b22d6145bo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

This module is maintained by the ADHOC SA.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.

Commit message:

[REL] Migration purchase_quotation_products to 11.0 * [FIX] Update Readme * [FIX] change the xml files name * [FIX] rename the .py module files * [FIX] remove api.one decorator

purchase_quotation_products/README.rst, after:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========================
Purchase Quotation Products
===========================

This module adds a button in purchase_order to search products, change de quantity and add its to purchase_order_line


Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:


Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Purchase Order and click to the button Search Products.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.
